are you doing it all right oh yeah that
looks square you're the governor I can
see that I'm on your Manor now so
there's no need to get your knickers in
a twist
whatever this bollocks is that's going
down between you and that's Lake
Valentine it's got nothing to do with me
I couldn't care less
all right mate let me explain you when I
was in prison second time no to the like
third stretch yep but there was this
screw what really had it in for me and
that geezer was top of my list two years
after I got sprung I seized him in on a
park he's sitting on a bench feeding
bloody pigeons there was no one about I
could have gone up behind him and
snapped his neck Warren but I
left him I couldn't know about him but I
didn't because what I thought I wanted
wasn't what I wanted what I thought I
was thinking about was something else I
didn't give a toss it didn't matter see
this burg on the bench wasn't worth my
time it meant to soar all in the end
because you got to make a choice when to
do something and when to let it go
when it matters and when it don't bide
your time that's what prison teaches
your if nothing else bide your time and
everything becomes clear and you can act
accordingly there's one thing I don't
understand
the thing I don't understand is every
word you're safe
you